Update S77 (Michael's product topology) (#1713)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000077/properties/P000061.md

---
space: S000077
property: P000061
value: false
---

> If $X$ is {P61}, then each of its factor {P61}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If $X$ is {P61}, then so is each of its factors.
```
